content/2018/01-phoenixes-burst-into-flame.rst, before:

#01 - Phoenixes burst into flame ...
####################################

:date: 2018-01-08
:description: ... when it is time for them to die and are reborn from the
              ashes. (J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets)

The phoenix is a long-lived fiery bird that is present in many different
mythologies from around the world. When a phoenix “dies”, it does so by
combustion and is reborn of the ashes left behind. It rises from its own ashes,
in the freshness of youth, to live through another cycle of years. So in
a sense, it never truly dies, but regenerates itself and lives forever. Just
like this weekly newsletter.

Welcome to the 2018 NixOS “Weekly” newsletter.

We are back and hope to produce more of them this year then we did last year.
As always contributions are more then welcome. The more people help shape this
newsletter the more accurate it will be.


News
====

- NixCon 2017 In Munich

  If you haven't heard there was a NixOS conference. It was a blast. You can
  read a short `overview of the talks`_ or go ahead and `watch them`_.

  Anybody knows where NixCon 2018 is going to be? :)

.. _`overview of the talks`: http://techblog.holidaycheck.com/post/2017/10/31/nixcon2017
.. _`watch them`: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6esAi2OxULo&list=PLgknCdxP89ReQzhfKwMYjLdwWsc7us8ns
.. _`DOES have`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/commit/90412f5fbc5448387c086b4cc42b7bac9d7ca238

- NixOS 17.09 `DOES have`_ KAISER patches applied for the latest kernel.


Jobs
====

- `IOHK is hiring SRE with Nix/Haskell knowledge`_
  

.. _`IOHK is hiring SRE with Nix/Haskell knowledge`: https://iohk.io/careers/#op-144226-devops-engineer


Reading
=======

- `Building Static Haskell Binaries with Nix`_

- `Bypassing NPM's content addressable cache in Nix deployments and generating
  expressions from lock files`_

- `Controlling a Hydra server from a Node.js application`_

- `nixcloud-webservices-tests`_ and `nixcloud-webservices`_

- `NixOS: The DOs and DON’Ts of nixpkgs overlays`_

- `Creating custom object transformations with NiJS and PNDP`_

- `Announcing fc-userscan`_

- `Deploying PHP composer packages with the Nix package manager`_

- `Share scripts that have dependencies with Nix`_


.. _`Building Static Haskell Binaries with Nix`: http://vaibhavsagar.com/blog/2018/01/03/static-haskell-nix/
.. _`Bypassing NPM's content addressable cache in Nix deployments and generating expressions from lock files`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/12/bypassing-npms-content-addressable.html
.. _`Controlling a Hydra server from a Node.js application`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/12/controlling-hydra-server-from-nodejs.html
.. _`nixcloud-webservices-tests`: https://lastlog.de/blog/posts/nixcloud-webservices-tests.html
.. _`nixcloud-webservices`: https://lastlog.de/blog/posts/nixcloud-webservices.html
.. _`NixOS: The DOs and DON’Ts of nixpkgs overlays`: https://blog.flyingcircus.io/2017/11/07/nixos-the-dos-and-donts-of-nixpkgs-overlays/
.. _`Creating custom object transformations with NiJS and PNDP`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/11/creating-custom-object-transformations.html
.. _`Announcing fc-userscan`: https://blog.flyingcircus.io/2017/10/04/announcing-fc-userscan/
.. _`Deploying PHP composer packages with the Nix package manager`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/10/deploying-php-composer-packages-with.html

.. _`Share scripts that have dependencies with Nix`: https://compiletoi.net/share-scripts-that-have-dependencies-with-nix/


Tooling
=======

- `nix-diff`_ - A small utility for comparing Nix derivations

- `nix-delegate`_ - A command-line utility that you can use to run a subcommand
  with distributed builds transiently enabled.

- `nix-deploy`_ - Deploy software or an entire NixOS system configuration to
  another NixOS system.

- `nix-bash-completions`_ - Bash completion for the Nix command line tools.

- `nix-zsh-completions`_ - ZSH completion for the Nix command line tools.

- `fc-userscan`_ - Scans directories containing manually compiled programs and
  registers them with the Nix garbage collector.

- `elm2nix`_ - Convert Elm project into Nix expressions. 

- `stack2nix`_ - Generate nix expressions for Haskell projects.

- `node2nix`_ - New version providing initial support for NPM 5.x (that is
  included with Node.js 8.x)

- `node-hydra-connector`_ - New API/tool to integrate Node.js applications with
  the Hydra continuous integration service and a CLI tool that can be used to
  control a server.

- `composer2nix`_ - Generate Nix expressions to build PHP composer packages.

.. _`nix-diff`: http://www.haskellforall.com/2017/11/compare-nix-derivations-using-nix-diff.html
.. _`nix-delegate`: https://github.com/awakesecurity/nix-delegate
.. _`nix-deploy`: https://github.com/awakesecurity/nix-deploy#readme
.. _`nix-bash-completions`: https://github.com/hedning/nix-bash-completions
.. _`nix-zsh-completions`: https://github.com/spwhitt/nix-zsh-completions
.. _`fc-userscan`: https://github.com/flyingcircusio/userscan
.. _`elm2nix`: https://github.com/domenkozar/elm2nix 
.. _`stack2nix`: https://github.com/input-output-hk/stack2nix
.. _`node2nix`: https://www.npmjs.com/package/node2nix
.. _`node-hydra-connector`: https://github.com/svanderburg/node-hydra-connector
.. _`composer2nix`: https://github.com/svanderburg/composer2nix



Events / Meetups
================

- January, 09, 2018 - Berlin, Germany
  
  `Regular NixOS Meetup @c-base`_

.. _`Regular NixOS Meetup @c-base`: https://www.meetup.com/Berlin-NixOS-Meetup/events/qwlrrnyxcbmb/


Contribute
==========

You can help shape NixOS Weekly Newsletter too! Create or comment on the `pull
request`_ for the next edition or loot at the `issue tracker`_ to add other
improvements.

.. _`pull request`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls
.. _`issue tracker`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues

Commit message:

2018/01: mkshell tool added also mention Melltdown&Spectre patches

content/2018/01-phoenixes-burst-into-flame.rst, after:

#01 - Phoenixes burst into flame ...
####################################

:date: 2018-01-08
:description: ... when it is time for them to die and are reborn from the
              ashes. (J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets)

The phoenix is a long-lived fiery bird that is present in many different
mythologies from around the world. When a phoenix “dies”, it does so by
combustion and is reborn of the ashes left behind. It rises from its own ashes,
in the freshness of youth, to live through another cycle of years. So in
a sense, it never truly dies, but regenerates itself and lives forever. Just
like this weekly newsletter.

Welcome to the 2018 NixOS “Weekly” newsletter.

We are back and hope to produce more of them this year then we did last year.
As always contributions are more then welcome. The more people help shape this
newsletter the more accurate it will be.


News
====

- NixCon 2017 In Munich

  If you haven't heard there was a NixOS conference. It was a blast. You can
  read a short `overview of the talks`_ or go ahead and `watch them`_.

  Anybody knows where NixCon 2018 is going to be? :)

- `Meltdown and Spectre patches for NixOS`_

.. _`overview of the talks`: http://techblog.holidaycheck.com/post/2017/10/31/nixcon2017
.. _`watch them`: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6esAi2OxULo&list=PLgknCdxP89ReQzhfKwMYjLdwWsc7us8ns
.. _`Meltdown and Spectre patches for NixOS`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/33414


Jobs
====

- `IOHK is hiring SRE with Nix/Haskell knowledge`_
  

.. _`IOHK is hiring SRE with Nix/Haskell knowledge`: https://iohk.io/careers/#op-144226-devops-engineer


Reading
=======

- `Building Static Haskell Binaries with Nix`_

- `Bypassing NPM's content addressable cache in Nix deployments and generating
  expressions from lock files`_

- `Controlling a Hydra server from a Node.js application`_

- `nixcloud-webservices-tests`_ and `nixcloud-webservices`_

- `NixOS: The DOs and DON’Ts of nixpkgs overlays`_

- `Creating custom object transformations with NiJS and PNDP`_

- `Announcing fc-userscan`_

- `Deploying PHP composer packages with the Nix package manager`_

- `Share scripts that have dependencies with Nix`_


.. _`Building Static Haskell Binaries with Nix`: http://vaibhavsagar.com/blog/2018/01/03/static-haskell-nix/
.. _`Bypassing NPM's content addressable cache in Nix deployments and generating expressions from lock files`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/12/bypassing-npms-content-addressable.html
.. _`Controlling a Hydra server from a Node.js application`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/12/controlling-hydra-server-from-nodejs.html
.. _`nixcloud-webservices-tests`: https://lastlog.de/blog/posts/nixcloud-webservices-tests.html
.. _`nixcloud-webservices`: https://lastlog.de/blog/posts/nixcloud-webservices.html
.. _`NixOS: The DOs and DON’Ts of nixpkgs overlays`: https://blog.flyingcircus.io/2017/11/07/nixos-the-dos-and-donts-of-nixpkgs-overlays/
.. _`Creating custom object transformations with NiJS and PNDP`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/11/creating-custom-object-transformations.html
.. _`Announcing fc-userscan`: https://blog.flyingcircus.io/2017/10/04/announcing-fc-userscan/
.. _`Deploying PHP composer packages with the Nix package manager`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.de/2017/10/deploying-php-composer-packages-with.html

.. _`Share scripts that have dependencies with Nix`: https://compiletoi.net/share-scripts-that-have-dependencies-with-nix/


Tooling
=======

- `nix-diff`_ - A small utility for comparing Nix derivations

- `nix-delegate`_ - A command-line utility that you can use to run a subcommand
  with distributed builds transiently enabled.

- `nix-deploy`_ - Deploy software or an entire NixOS system configuration to
  another NixOS system.

- `nix-bash-completions`_ - Bash completion for the Nix command line tools.

- `nix-zsh-completions`_ - ZSH completion for the Nix command line tools.

- `fc-userscan`_ - Scans directories containing manually compiled programs and
  registers them with the Nix garbage collector.

- `elm2nix`_ - Convert Elm project into Nix expressions. 

- `stack2nix`_ - Generate nix expressions for Haskell projects.

- `node2nix`_ - New version providing initial support for NPM 5.x (that is
  included with Node.js 8.x)

- `node-hydra-connector`_ - New API/tool to integrate Node.js applications with
  the Hydra continuous integration service and a CLI tool that can be used to
  control a server.

- `composer2nix`_ - Generate Nix expressions to build PHP composer packages.

- `mkShell`_ - For nix-shell-only scenarios, mkShell is a small convenience
  function in nixpkgs.

.. _`nix-diff`: http://www.haskellforall.com/2017/11/compare-nix-derivations-using-nix-diff.html
.. _`nix-delegate`: https://github.com/awakesecurity/nix-delegate
.. _`nix-deploy`: https://github.com/awakesecurity/nix-deploy#readme
.. _`nix-bash-completions`: https://github.com/hedning/nix-bash-completions
.. _`nix-zsh-completions`: https://github.com/spwhitt/nix-zsh-completions
.. _`fc-userscan`: https://github.com/flyingcircusio/userscan
.. _`elm2nix`: https://github.com/domenkozar/elm2nix 
.. _`stack2nix`: https://github.com/input-output-hk/stack2nix
.. _`node2nix`: https://www.npmjs.com/package/node2nix
.. _`node-hydra-connector`: https://github.com/svanderburg/node-hydra-connector
.. _`composer2nix`: https://github.com/svanderburg/composer2nix
.. _`mkShell`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/30975



Events / Meetups
================

- January, 09, 2018 - Berlin, Germany
  
  `Regular NixOS Meetup @c-base`_

.. _`Regular NixOS Meetup @c-base`: https://www.meetup.com/Berlin-NixOS-Meetup/events/qwlrrnyxcbmb/


Contribute
==========

You can help shape NixOS Weekly Newsletter too! Create or comment on the `pull
request`_ for the next edition or loot at the `issue tracker`_ to add other
improvements.

.. _`pull request`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls
.. _`issue tracker`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues
