content/2018/02-life-before-death.rst, before:

#02 - Life before death, strength before weakness, ...
######################################################

:date: 2018-02-01
:description: ... journey before pancakes.
              (Brandon Sanderson, Oathbringer)


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. (OPTIONAL) Introduction text, as an editor this is your space to express
   opinions
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. News - Special items that happen in community
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

News
====

.. - Example news item title `with link`_
..
..   News item description (optional)
..
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com


- `Google Summer of Code is coming up`_.

  Current list of `GSoC 2018 project ideas`_.

.. _`Google Summer of Code is coming up`: https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!msg/nix-devel/Kz0kZG8zobc/_ZQMdmiRAgAJ
.. _`GSoC 2018 project ideas`: https://github.com/nix-community/google-summer-of-code/blob/master/2018/projects.md

.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Jobs - list of available Nix related jobs
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Jobs
====

.. - `Example job posting`_
..
.. .. _`Example job posting`: http://example.com


- `Serokell is hiring Nix DevOps Engineers`_

.. _`Serokell is hiring Nix DevOps Engineers`: https://gist.github.com/NaeosPsy/155f76a25e0c93eb067a0f4d86dd8cfc



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Reading - List of blog posts, collected (hopefully) via planet.nixos.org
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reading
=======

.. - `Example blog post title`_
..
..   optional extra description
..
.. .. _`blog post title`: http://example.com


- Danial Barlow is developing NixWRT [#fnixwrt]_

  - `nix-devel NixWRT discussion`_
  - `Baud Games blog post`_

- `Stackage nixpkgs overlays`_ by Dmitry Bushev

- `Syntax highlighting Nix expressions in mcedit`_ by Sander van der Burg

- `OneDrive on NixOS using Docker`_ by  Nathan Bijnens

- (French) `Journal le "style fonctionnel" en vidéos (Nix, NixOS, Haskell)`_
  (Video_, Code_) by nokomprendo

- `Linux Distributions, Part 1: NixOS`_ by Guillaume Salvan

- `Introduction to NixOS`_ by @hackoflamb


.. [#fnixwrt] described as "won't be big or professional like OpenWRT"
.. _`nix-devel NixWRT discussion`: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/nix-devel/zDQH7Ulotoc
.. _`Baud Games blog post`: https://ww.telent.net/2018/1/7/baud_games
.. _`Stackage nixpkgs overlays`: https://blog.typeable.io/posts/2018-01-19-stackage-overlay.html
.. _`Syntax highlighting Nix expressions in mcedit`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.com.es/2018/01/syntax-highlighting-nix-expressions-in.html
.. _`OneDrive on NixOS using Docker`: https://nathan.gs/2018/01/09/onedrive-on-nixos-using-docker/
.. _`Journal le "style fonctionnel" en vidéos (Nix, NixOS, Haskell)`: https://linuxfr.org/users/nokomprendo-3/journaux/le-style-fonctionnel-en-videos-nix-nixos-haskell
.. _`Video`: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6s-G_Hh3s4&list=PLe8vnuC2T7iGE3w_d-MCHw5mLzRAMiCM9
.. _`Code`: https://github.com/nokomprendo/tuto_fonctionnel
.. _`Linux Distributions, Part 1: NixOS`: https://guillaumesalvan.github.io/linux/nixos/2018/01/16/nixos.html
.. _`Introduction to NixOS`: https://stelligent.com/2017/07/11/introduction-to-nixos/



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Tooling - List of useful tools (or their updates)
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tooling
=======

.. - `Example tool with a link to it`_
..
..   Description what tool does, why it was created, or what is new since last
..   time.
..
.. .. _`tool name with a link to it`: http://example.com


- `nixos/nixos-hardware`_
  
  A collection of NixOS modules covering hardware quirks.

  The respository has been seeing a lot of work being done in last months
  leading by `@yegortimoshenko`_ (Yegor Timoshenko).

  Check it out and contribute your own ``hardware-configuration.nix``

- `nixos-mailserver`_
  
  A complete and Simple Nixos Mailserver 

.. _`nixos/nixos-hardware`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-hardware
.. _`@yegortimoshenko`: https://github.com/yegortimoshenko
.. _`nixos-mailserver`: https://github.com/r-raymond/nixos-mailserver


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Events / Meetups - regular or one time announcements of FUTURE events
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Events / Meetups
==================

.. - Example event title `with link`
..
..   Event description
..
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. TODO: this should be part of the article template, but we need to change old
         articles once this is moved into article template
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contribute
==========

You can help shape NixOS Weekly Newsletter too! Create or comment on the `pull
request`_ for the next edition or loot at the `issue tracker`_ to add other
improvements.

.. _`pull request`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls
.. _`issue tracker`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues

Commit message:

add Provisioning a NixOS server from macOS

content/2018/02-life-before-death.rst, after:

#02 - Life before death, strength before weakness, ...
######################################################

:date: 2018-02-01
:description: ... journey before pancakes.
              (Brandon Sanderson, Oathbringer)


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. (OPTIONAL) Introduction text, as an editor this is your space to express
   opinions
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. News - Special items that happen in community
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

News
====

.. - Example news item title `with link`_
..
..   News item description (optional)
..
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com


- `Google Summer of Code is coming up`_.

  Current list of `GSoC 2018 project ideas`_.

.. _`Google Summer of Code is coming up`: https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!msg/nix-devel/Kz0kZG8zobc/_ZQMdmiRAgAJ
.. _`GSoC 2018 project ideas`: https://github.com/nix-community/google-summer-of-code/blob/master/2018/projects.md

.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Jobs - list of available Nix related jobs
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Jobs
====

.. - `Example job posting`_
..
.. .. _`Example job posting`: http://example.com


- `Serokell is hiring Nix DevOps Engineers`_

.. _`Serokell is hiring Nix DevOps Engineers`: https://gist.github.com/NaeosPsy/155f76a25e0c93eb067a0f4d86dd8cfc



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Reading - List of blog posts, collected (hopefully) via planet.nixos.org
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reading
=======

.. - `Example blog post title`_
..
..   optional extra description
..
.. .. _`blog post title`: http://example.com


- Danial Barlow is developing NixWRT [#fnixwrt]_

  - `nix-devel NixWRT discussion`_
  - `Baud Games blog post`_

- `Stackage nixpkgs overlays`_ by Dmitry Bushev

- `Syntax highlighting Nix expressions in mcedit`_ by Sander van der Burg

- `OneDrive on NixOS using Docker`_ by  Nathan Bijnens

- (French) `Journal le "style fonctionnel" en vidéos (Nix, NixOS, Haskell)`_
  (Video_, Code_) by nokomprendo

- `Linux Distributions, Part 1: NixOS`_ by Guillaume Salvan

- `Introduction to NixOS`_ by @hackoflamb

- `Provisioning a NixOS server from macOS`_ by `zw3rk`_


.. [#fnixwrt] described as "won't be big or professional like OpenWRT"
.. _`nix-devel NixWRT discussion`: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/nix-devel/zDQH7Ulotoc
.. _`Baud Games blog post`: https://ww.telent.net/2018/1/7/baud_games
.. _`Stackage nixpkgs overlays`: https://blog.typeable.io/posts/2018-01-19-stackage-overlay.html
.. _`Syntax highlighting Nix expressions in mcedit`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.com.es/2018/01/syntax-highlighting-nix-expressions-in.html
.. _`OneDrive on NixOS using Docker`: https://nathan.gs/2018/01/09/onedrive-on-nixos-using-docker/
.. _`Journal le "style fonctionnel" en vidéos (Nix, NixOS, Haskell)`: https://linuxfr.org/users/nokomprendo-3/journaux/le-style-fonctionnel-en-videos-nix-nixos-haskell
.. _`Video`: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6s-G_Hh3s4&list=PLe8vnuC2T7iGE3w_d-MCHw5mLzRAMiCM9
.. _`Code`: https://github.com/nokomprendo/tuto_fonctionnel
.. _`Linux Distributions, Part 1: NixOS`: https://guillaumesalvan.github.io/linux/nixos/2018/01/16/nixos.html
.. _`Introduction to NixOS`: https://stelligent.com/2017/07/11/introduction-to-nixos/
.. _`Provisioning a NixOS server from macOS`: https://medium.com/@zw3rk/provisioning-a-nixos-server-from-macos-d36055afc4ad
.. _`zw3rk`: https://medium.com/@zw3rk


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Tooling - List of useful tools (or their updates)
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tooling
=======

.. - `Example tool with a link to it`_
..
..   Description what tool does, why it was created, or what is new since last
..   time.
..
.. .. _`tool name with a link to it`: http://example.com


- `nixos/nixos-hardware`_
  
  A collection of NixOS modules covering hardware quirks.

  The respository has been seeing a lot of work being done in last months
  leading by `@yegortimoshenko`_ (Yegor Timoshenko).

  Check it out and contribute your own ``hardware-configuration.nix``

- `nixos-mailserver`_
  
  A complete and Simple Nixos Mailserver 

.. _`nixos/nixos-hardware`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-hardware
.. _`@yegortimoshenko`: https://github.com/yegortimoshenko
.. _`nixos-mailserver`: https://github.com/r-raymond/nixos-mailserver


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Events / Meetups - regular or one time announcements of FUTURE events
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Events / Meetups
==================

.. - Example event title `with link`
..
..   Event description
..
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. TODO: this should be part of the article template, but we need to change old
         articles once this is moved into article template
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contribute
==========

You can help shape NixOS Weekly Newsletter too! Create or comment on the `pull
request`_ for the next edition or loot at the `issue tracker`_ to add other
improvements.

.. _`pull request`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls
.. _`issue tracker`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues
