content/2018/03-a-tree-with-strong-roots.rst, before:

#03 - A tree with strong roots ...
##################################

:date: 2018-02-26
:description:  ... laughs at storms.
               (Nnedi Okorafor, *Binti: The Night Masquerade*)


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. (OPTIONAL) Introduction text, as an editor this is your space to express
   opinions
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. News - Special items that happen in community
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

News
====

.. - Example news item title `with link`_
.. 
..   News item description (optional)
.. 
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Jobs - list of available Nix related jobs
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Jobs
====

.. - `Example job posting`_
.. 
.. .. _`Example job posting`: http://example.com



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Reading - List of blog posts, collected (hopefully) via planet.nixos.org
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reading
=======

.. - `Example blog post title`_
.. 
..   optional extra description
.. 
.. .. _`blog post title`: http://example.com



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Tooling - List of useful tools (or their updates)
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tooling
=======

.. - `Example tool with a link to it`_
.. 
..   Description what tool does, why it was created, or what is new since last
..   time.
.. 
.. .. _`tool name with a link to it`: http://example.com


- `nix-update for Emacs`_


.. _`nix-update for Emacs`: https://github.com/jwiegley/nix-update-el

.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Events / Meetups - regular or one time announcements of FUTURE events
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Events / Meetups
==================

.. - Example event title `with link`
.. 
..   Event description
.. 
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. TODO: this should be part of the article template, but we need to change old
         articles once this is moved into article template
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contribute to NixOS Weekly Newsletter
=====================================

This work would not be possible without the many contributions of the community.

You can help too! Create or comment on the `pull request`_ for the next edition
or look at the `issue tracker`_ to add other improvements.

.. _`pull request`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls
.. _`issue tracker`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues

Commit message:

2018/03: add reading item: circular dependencies with Disnix

content/2018/03-a-tree-with-strong-roots.rst, after:

#03 - A tree with strong roots ...
##################################

:date: 2018-02-26
:description:  ... laughs at storms.
               (Nnedi Okorafor, *Binti: The Night Masquerade*)


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. (OPTIONAL) Introduction text, as an editor this is your space to express
   opinions
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. News - Special items that happen in community
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

News
====

.. - Example news item title `with link`_
.. 
..   News item description (optional)
.. 
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Jobs - list of available Nix related jobs
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Jobs
====

.. - `Example job posting`_
.. 
.. .. _`Example job posting`: http://example.com



.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Reading - List of blog posts, collected (hopefully) via planet.nixos.org
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reading
=======

.. - `Example blog post title`_
.. 
..   optional extra description
.. 
.. .. _`blog post title`: http://example.com

- `Deploying systems with circular dependencies using Disnix`_ by Sander van der Burg

.. _`Deploying systems with circular dependencies using Disnix`: http://sandervanderburg.blogspot.com/2018/02/deploying-systems-with-circular.html

.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Tooling - List of useful tools (or their updates)
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tooling
=======

.. - `Example tool with a link to it`_
.. 
..   Description what tool does, why it was created, or what is new since last
..   time.
.. 
.. .. _`tool name with a link to it`: http://example.com


- `nix-update for Emacs`_


.. _`nix-update for Emacs`: https://github.com/jwiegley/nix-update-el

.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. Events / Meetups - regular or one time announcements of FUTURE events
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Events / Meetups
==================

.. - Example event title `with link`
.. 
..   Event description
.. 
.. .. _`with link`: http://example.com


.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.. TODO: this should be part of the article template, but we need to change old
         articles once this is moved into article template
.. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contribute to NixOS Weekly Newsletter
=====================================

This work would not be possible without the many contributions of the community.

You can help too! Create or comment on the `pull request`_ for the next edition
or look at the `issue tracker`_ to add other improvements.

.. _`pull request`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls
.. _`issue tracker`: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues
