content/2020/10.md, before:

Title: #10 - NixOS Weekly
Date: 2020-(TODO: MM-DD)
Description: (TODO: QUOTE)

# News

- [RFC 0080 FCP, Change NixOS releases to YY.05,YY.11](https://github.com/NixOS/rfcs/pull/80)

  The Final Comment Period for RFC 0080 4 has started and, barring any blocking issues, will be merged after 2020-12-15. Your opinions, comments, and approvals are welcome!
  
- [Example news item title](http://example.com)

  Optional item description

## Announcements

## Tutorials & Resources

- [Installing NixOS on a raspberry pi 4](https://schauderbasis.de/posts/install_nixos_on_raspberry_pi_4/)
  
  As the raspberry pi 4 is still not officially supported, this is a tutorial on how to get a base installation going, if necessary without a screen.

## Jobs

# Contribute to NixOS Weekly Newsletter

This work would not be possible without the many contributions of the community.

You can help too! Create or comment on the [pull request](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls)
for the next edition or look at the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues) to add other improvements.

Commit message:

add agenix public beta announcement

content/2020/10.md, after:

Title: #10 - NixOS Weekly
Date: 2020-(TODO: MM-DD)
Description: (TODO: QUOTE)

# News

- [RFC 0080 FCP, Change NixOS releases to YY.05,YY.11](https://github.com/NixOS/rfcs/pull/80)

  The Final Comment Period for RFC 0080 4 has started and, barring any blocking issues, will be merged after 2020-12-15. Your opinions, comments, and approvals are welcome!
  
- [agenix - manage NixOS secrets - public beta](https://discourse.nixos.org/t/agenix-manage-nixos-secrets-public-beta/10580)

  agenix is a commandline tool for managing secrets encrypted with your existing SSH keys. It includes a NixOS module age for adding encrypted secrets into the Nix store and decrypting them.

- [Example news item title](http://example.com)

  Optional item description

## Announcements

## Tutorials & Resources

- [Installing NixOS on a raspberry pi 4](https://schauderbasis.de/posts/install_nixos_on_raspberry_pi_4/)
  
  As the raspberry pi 4 is still not officially supported, this is a tutorial on how to get a base installation going, if necessary without a screen.

## Jobs

# Contribute to NixOS Weekly Newsletter

This work would not be possible without the many contributions of the community.

You can help too! Create or comment on the [pull request](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/pulls)
for the next edition or look at the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-weekly/issues) to add other improvements.
